Einstein condensate communication speculation.
IDM
An Einstein condensate (EC) is the same EC WHERE EVER IT IS OBSERVED this as there is only ONE OF IT IN THE UNIVERSE. 
A given EC should be IDENTICAL ACROSS SOME BASIS OR SUBSET THEREOF.
AN EVENT ON ONE WILL BE AN EVENT ON ALL, OBSERVABLES TO ALL OBSERVERS SIMULTANEOUSLY – NOW AT ALL OBSERVERS ENTANGLEMENT WITH-IN THAT BASIS OR SUBSET
Can be tested
In effect the EC can be used to transmit info. 
Probably faster then ‘c’ but < infinity
Possible slower then ‘c’
Places ‘c’ in the IDM higher Arch
Can in theory do this with electron but not tunable (probably)
Can “Tune” the EC
Do so by matching masses (TOTAL Energy)
When masses match will be the same EC
Then can ‘communicate’ 
Expect to find
Time deference between ‘formations’ of the two test EC will need to be reflected by an add in mass to the latter starting EC that is proporcial, probably linure or 2Pi  cycluer
Actuallly will depend on the BASIS, not sure how the dimintions work out will depend on the EC candidate used.
This will derive the funduminat unit of time
The distance from now to something after now. 
It probably follows the ‘coastline paradox”

Sovereignty –open ended unlimited degrees of freedom
One must have Sovereignty over oneself, both in thought and action, to be oneself. 
This is axiomatic as one is defined as the some total of ones thoughts and actions. 
To the extent that one is denied sovereignty over ones own thoughts and actions one is not oneself but something else as defined by that which is denying ones Sovereignty. 
A LooseIdian both claims for oneself, and concedes to all others, the right to be oneself. Sovereignty over oneself extends to include all products, tangible and intangible, that results from ones thought and action. 
Coercion – closed loop
One loses Sovereignty over oneself only through Coercion. Minus Coercion one is, by definition, exercising Sovereignty over oneself. Minus Coercion the only reference point is ones own thoughts and actions predicated on ones observed environment. A LooseIdian both demands for oneself, and grants to all others, protection from Coercion. 
Honesty
One bases ones own thoughts and actions on the information that one receives. Ones thoughts and actions are optimized when that information is accurate. The LooseIdian will always convey, and expect to be conveyed, honest information accurate to the knowledge of the conveyer.
The LooseIdian Paradigms
Government
A Government is any entity that exercises coercive control over one. 
Coercion is the only power of, and thus the defining characteristic of, a government. 
Governmental entities are Evil by definition. This is axiomatic from a governments defining characteristic.
The function of an ethical government is the group use of Coercion to prevent the individual use of Coercion.
War
War is the group use of Coercion to prevent a groups use of Coercion
The elimination of coercive groups is the justification for war.
War determines who is left not who is correct, if the LooseIdian loses only the Coercive are left.
War is by definition the last choice as, once started, the only remaining issue is who will be left.
War is never the last option, to make it so unnecessarily prolongs the Coercion. 

