Chapter 1
Every quadratic form can be reduced to a sum of squares by a linear transformation of the variables.
Sylvester’s Lay Of Inertia
In the real domain, the number of positive squares and negative squares are independent of the method of reduction.
The determinant of the transformation which defines a rotation or reversal equals +1 or -1.
Any reflection is a reversal
Any rotation is the product of an even number ≤n of reflections; any reversal is the product of an odd number ≤n of reflections.
In complex Euclidean space, and in real Euclidean space with positive definite fundamental form, the set of rotations (real in the latter case) forms a continuous group.
Two space-like vectors can always be connected by a continuous series of space-like unit vectors.
The rotations resulting from two space-like (or two time-like) vectors can be connected to the identity rotation by a continuous series of rotations.
For any rotation (or reversal) the Jacobian of x’[1]..., with respect to x[1]... is non-zero
By saying that rotations form a group we assert the following to properties of rotations:
The product of any two rotations is a rotation.
To each rotation there corresponds an inverse rotation.
In the real pseudo-Euclidean space the group of rotations consists of two disjoint sets:
The first consist of the groups of proper rotations, which result from an even number of space-like reflections and an ever number of time-like reflections.
The second consist of the set of improper rotations, which result from an odd number of space-like reflections and an odd number of time-like reflections.
This second set is not a group.
Proper reversals 
Result from an odd number of space-like reflections and an even number of time-like reflections.
Characterized by the property that the Jacobian of x’[n-h+1] with respect to x [n-h+1] is positive.
Invariance of the direction of time
In space whose fundamental form can be reduced to the sum of n-1 positive squares and one negative square, all proper rotations and all proper reversals can be obtained from at most n space reflections.

